{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28\fsmilli14080 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A dot one is an A\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Are you ready to play?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 An A is a dot one\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Reach for the sun.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student stretches his hand toward the ceiling imitating reaching for the sun.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-two is a B\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Braille is fun to me\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A B is a dot one-two\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 On the floor tap your shoe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student taps his foot on the floor to the beat of the music\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-four is a C\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh me! Oh me!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A C is a dot one-four\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Stomp the floor.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student stomps the floor following the lead of the teacher.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-four-five is a D\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Now listen carefully\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-four-five is a D\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Buzz like a bee.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student makes the z-z-z-z sound.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-five is an E\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I guarantee!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-five is an E\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Touch your knee.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student puts his hand on his knee.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A dot one-two-four is an F\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 You did it yourself\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 An F is a dot one-two-four\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Knock on the door.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student makes the motion of knocking on an imaginary door.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-two-four-five is a G\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Braille is easy to me\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-two-four-five is a G\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 With your chin touch your knee.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student puts his chin on his knee.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 An H is a dot one-two-five\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Four and one is five\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 An H is a dot one-two-five\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Count from one to five.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The students count from one to five following the lead of the teacher.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot two-four is an I\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh my! Oh my!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot two-four is an I\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Find your eye.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student touches the corner of his eye.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot two-four-five is a J\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Hey! Hey! What do you say\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot two-four-five is a J\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Touch your ankle today.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will put his hand on his ankle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-three is a K\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 This is the same everyday\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-three is a K\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Touch your wrist it\'92s okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will touch his wrist with his hand.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A dot one-two-three is an L\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Isn\'92t this swell\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 An L is a dot one-two-three\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 You\'92re as silly as a monkey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student acts like a monkey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-three-four is an M\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A.M. or P.M\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-three-four is an M\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Give your hair a trim.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will take his index and middle finger and pretend they are scissors and imitate cutting his hair.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-three-four-five is an N\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Let\'92s do it again!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-three-four-five is an N\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Count your fingers on your chin.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will count five of his fingers by touching his chin with them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-three-five is an O\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Now we\'92re ready to go\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-three-five is an O\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Wiggle your toe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will wiggle his toes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-two-three-four is a P\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I see! I see!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-two-three-four is a P\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Count to three.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will count from 1 to 3.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A dot one-two-three-four-five is a Q\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Yes, it\'92s true\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-two-three-four-five is a Q\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Wash your hair with shampoo.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will pretend to wash his hair.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-two-three-five is an R\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 You are a superstar\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-two-three-five is an R\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Move your hands near and far.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will put his hands on his chest and stretch them out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot two-three-four is an S\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I must confess\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot two-three-four is an S\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 You\'92re making progress!\
A dot two-three-four-five is a T\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh me! Oh me!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot two-three-four-five is a T\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Two plus one is three.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student counts from 1 to 3.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A dot one-three-six is a U\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Whoop de do\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-three-six is a U\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 One plus one is two.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student counts from 1 to 2.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-two-three-six is a V\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Listen carefully\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-two-three-six is a V\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Relax and smile at me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will physically relax his body and smile.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot two-four-five-six is a W\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Could you, would you\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot two-four-five-six is a W\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tell a friend I love you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will turn and tell his classmate "I love you"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-three-four-six is an X\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Lickety tick lickety tick\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-three-four-six is and X\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Stretch your neck.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will look up and stretch his neck.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-three-four-five-six is a Y\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Can you answer why?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-three-four-five-six is a Y\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Put your arms on your thighs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will bend his arms in a L shape and bend forward and touch his thighs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf2 A dot one-three-five-six is a Z\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Your must agree\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A dot one-three-five-six is a Z\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Now you are worry-free!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li844\sl340\sa281\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 The student will raise his hands in the sky and wave.\
}